Copyright (c) 2020, Floris Laporte - Universiteit Gent - Ghent University.
All rights reserved.

The use of this software is strictly limited to NON-COMMERCIAL
RESEARCH PURPOSES. This software must not be used for the rendering of
services against the payment of a fee, nor for inclusion (in whole or
in part) in any software application, package or suite sold, rented,
leased or provided to end users in any other way against the payment
of a fee.

Redistribution or dissemination of the software either in source or
binary form is STRICTLY NOT PERMITTED; licensee shall direct any third
party request for additional copies of this software to the authors as
indicated in this readme.txt.

The names of the copyright holder, authors or of any contributors must
not be used to endorse or promote products or services derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER, AUTHORS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
COPYRIGHT HOLDER, AUTHORS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
