MANIFEST.in
README.rst
setup.cfg
setup.py
MFAProblem.egg-info/PKG-INFO
MFAProblem.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
MFAProblem.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
MFAProblem.egg-info/requires.txt
MFAProblem.egg-info/top_level.txt
bin/install_mfa_problem_notebook.py
bin/run_create_empty_ter.py
bin/run_import_excel_data_in_data_base.py
bin/run_import_excel_proxy_in_data_base.py
bin/run_mfa_problem_check_input.py
bin/run_mfa_problem_main_with_excel.py
bin/run_proxycalc.py
mfa_problem/__init__.py
mfa_problem/io_bdd.py
mfa_problem/io_excel.py
mfa_problem/mfa_problem_check_io.py
mfa_problem/mfa_problem_format_io.py
mfa_problem/mfa_problem_main.py
mfa_problem/mfa_problem_solver.py
mfa_problem/su_trace.py
mfa_problem/data/input/AFM_Correze.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/MytilicultureAFM_Filiere_FR.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/ReÃÅconciliation module - VSLM.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/avoine.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/avoine_1.2.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/basic_workflow.ipynb
mfa_problem/data/input/billen_ARD_P.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/bois_AURA_epci.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/bois_fr_1.1.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/bois_reg_1.1.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/example_alexandre.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/example_fr.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/example_reg.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/flyer_cacao_reconciled.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/mais.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/mini.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/orge_new_segm.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/pommes_poires.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/simplified_example_fr.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/simplified_example_reg.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/tuto_comm.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/tuto_fr.xlsx
mfa_problem/data/input/tuto_reg.xlsx
mfa_problem/tests/integration/__init__.py
mfa_problem/tests/integration/test_mfa_problem.py
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/bois_fr_reconciled.xlsx
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/example_fr_reconciled.xlsx
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_avoine_1.2 no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_avoine_1.2 uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_bois_fr_1.1 no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_bois_fr_1.1 uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_bois_reg_1.1 no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_example_alexandre no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_example_alexandre uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_example_fr no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_example_fr uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_example_reg no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_mais no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_mais uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_mini no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_mini uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_orge check input.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_orge_new_segm no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_orge_new_segm uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_pommes_poires create empty ter.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_pommes_poires no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_pommes_poires uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_simplified_example_fr create empty ter.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_simplified_example_fr no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_simplified_example_fr uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_simplified_example_reg no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_tuto_fr no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_tuto_fr uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_tuto_reg no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/expected_tuto_regbois_reg_1.1 no uncert.json
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/simplified_example_fr_reconciled.xlsx
mfa_problem/tests/integration/ref_output/tuto_fr_reconciled.xlsx
mfa_problem/tests/unit/__init__.py
mfa_problem/tests/unit/test_mfa_problem_check_constraint.py
mfa_problem/tests/unit/test_mfa_problem_format_io.py
mfa_problem/tests/unit/test_mfa_problem_matrices_pybind.py
mfa_problem/tests/unit/test_mfa_problem_misc.py
mfa_problem_matrices/src/mfa_problem_matrices.cpp
mfa_problem_matrices/src/mfa_problem_matrices.cpp
mfa_problem_matrices/src/mfa_problem_matrices.h